hey what's up everybody this is DOM and
today we are going to pair our iPad here
with a ps3 controller this is made
possible via blue troll and it works
with iPad iPhone or iPod Touch and it's
pretty awesome so let's go ahead and
jump into the process here you want to
make sure that you have your iPad and
obviously a ps3 controller plugged in
via USB to your Mac or PC and you're
only going to have to do this once here
but you want to download an application
called six pair and it's available in
the city a description for blue troll
and I'll also drop a link down below for
it once you've downloaded six pair go
ahead and launch it and you want to make
sure you have both your iOS device and
the ps3 controller connected to the
computer you're going to have to copy
the Bluetooth address to your iPad and
so as you can see here I have Dom's iPad
connected and I also have the ps3 6
access controller and we just want to go
ahead and click on this pair controller
to iPad button right there at the bottom
as you can see it so just go ahead and
click that and it will send over that
information it will copy it over and
this is the last time you'll have to do
this so let's go ahead and jump back
over to the iPad here on the iPad we can
go ahead and launch open blue Trull
that's what you want to do so we want to
swipe over here launch blue troll open
and then we want to go ahead and tap on
the controller tab at the bottom so here
you'll be able to select your controller
in this case it's a ps3 controller go
ahead and tap on the connect button and
as you can see here it's activating the
Bluetooth stack and it will connect the
ps3 controller so now we can go ahead
and unplug the USB cable as long as you
see that single red light there you're
good to unplug it and it's all set up
and connected so let's go ahead and get
a game set up here now the biggest
question is will this work with
first-person shooters and the answer to
that is yes so I've downloaded modern
combat 4 and so we're going to open this
up here now what we need to do is we
need to capture a screenshot of the
controls layout so we just want to get
into the game here real quick and we
want to do that screen shot like I was
saying so we can assign the controls
essentially to the touch controls on the
screen now once we get this game loaded
up here like I said we just want to go
ahead and take a screenshot of the
controls here so lock button and home
button at the same time there we go we
got our screen shot we can go ahead and
back out of mana Kombat 4 and we want to
launch open blue troll again now we want
to go to the games tab here and tap on
the plus button there then we want to
select a game modern combat 4 and we
want to choose landscape and then we
want to go select our picture that we
took of the screen back there and then
tap on the Add button we want to select
ps3 controller from the list here and
then select landscape mode because
that's the mode that we're playing in
and here we can set up all of these
controls so basically all you have to do
is drag these controllers around to
where you'd like it's really personal
preference so I'm just going to go ahead
and set up a few here for the sake of
this video but you can set these up any
way you'd like and kind of get it
working exactly how you want it as you
can
you know customize all of the controls
on the ps3 to fit this game how you'd
like so we're just going to go and drag
some of these around here and kind of
get things set up until I have something
that is kind of playable in the game
here so now that we have the control set
up tap on the done button in the bottom
corner here and then we can just back
out of all this and continue back into
modern combat 4 so let's go to the home
screen here and we'll open up modern
combat 4 again so after we unpause this
you can see that I am moving around in
modern combat 4 without touching the
screen and to be honest it works exactly
as you would expect all the controls I
set up work very well I'm able to move
around the game I'm able to shoot I'm
able to aim down the scope everything
works exactly how I setup and I'm very
very impressed by this implementation
here and blue troll it's awesome I would
definitely recommend this to anyone so
as you can see I'm just kind of playing
through the game here but I want to
point out something real quick here one
thing is with this right controller
stick you
can actually set the sensitivity even
further by doing a couple things here so
it back in blue troll we have the little
right joystick control here and if you
make it bigger or smaller that will vary
the sensitivity for looking around in
the game so as you can see I have it
really big here and we're going to go
back into modern combat 4 and once we uh
that the sensitivity is very very high
now when I'm moving this around it's
very high almost too high but you can
play around with this and the in-game
sensitivity controls to kind of get
something that works for you so let's go
to the menu here and we will go set up
the options and go tap on controls here
and we can adjust the sensitivity right
here to make it less sensitive so that
we have a bigger zone to move around the
control but it's still able to look
around without being super sensitive
when you're playing and that worked
pretty well just that little combination
there but you can adjust it to work how
you'd like and kind of get something
that's comfortable for you because
everybody's sensitivity level in games
like this is going to vary so this is
how you connect a ps3 controller to an
iPad and it works very well you can play
with many other games aside from
first-person shooters and this also work
with a wide variety of other Bluetooth
controllers like the duo or the eye
control pad so I hope this was helpful
everybody please let me know what you
think down in the comments below thanks
again for watching everybody this is DOM
and have a great day
you